FIX Improve error message  when RepeatedStratifiedKFold.split is called without a y argument (#29402)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.6.rst

  estimator without re-fitting it.
  :pr:`29067` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

> - |Fix| :class:`model_selection.RepeatedStratifiedKFold` has the function split,
>   where 'y' parameter is made as mandatory input field.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this? Not 100% sure about the renderin please check the rendered doc in the "check the rendered doc" CI status
```suggestion
- |Fix| Improve error message when :func:`model_selection.RepeatedStratifiedKFold.split` is called without a `y` argument
```

  estimator without re-fitting it.
  :pr:`29067` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

> - |Fix| Improve error message when :func:`model_selection.RepeatedStratifiedKFold.split` is called without a `y` argument

Reviewer: I have checked the [rendered doc](https://output.circle-artifacts.com/output/job/eb54c496-9a50-4eaa-bf32-89ddf0cb30a6/artifacts/0/doc/whats_new/v1.6.html#sklearn-model-selection) ("check the rendered doc" CI status and then navigate to the file you care about) and it looks that you need to add a dot:
```suggestion
- |Fix| Improve error message when :func:`model_selection.RepeatedStratifiedKFold.split` is called without a `y` argument.
```
